
States.ods - need to know initial state of gpio's on Pi and arduino
    this will also determine if/where pullups or pulldowns are needed
Arduino trigger pin starts as input but floating
pi trigger pin starts as input floating or output high depending on tech source
    this should be fine as the arduino will have settled into output mode and
    the pi will become input and read arduino output when the script starts
arduino feedback pin starts as input but floating
pi feedback pin starts as input floating or output high depending on tech source
    this should be fine as the arduino will have settled into input pullup mode
    and is waiting for the pi to send a low at bootup
when the pi is done shutting down, what is the state of the feedback pin?
    the arduino has a pullup, but the pi may latch the pin to a low state


FIX RELATIVE PATHS!!! installer, uninstaller, ???
    need base dir of script otherwise only works when run from Bash dir
    no stupid, run it from where I told you!!!

write a script to do latest download/install and save it in top level to do
    one-liner

DONE:push external pin header to the right to avoid heatsink on cpu
DONE: line up with 3rd or 4th row from left
TEST: kicad custom logo for sheet/silkscreen need to be included
TEST: also default sheet? for logo in block
DONE: also include open hardware logo in blocks
DONE: place default text (name, copyright, all rights, WTFPL) in default sheet

update: pi may reboot after update, do we deal with this?
    if user DOESN'T reboot, settings re-runs itself and shows new version number
    DONE: escaping from new version goes back to old? should we just bail? FORK!!!
update: show installer output in tailbox? (still need sudo password in terminal)
update: retropie shortcut needs sudo to make symlink b/c /usr/local/bin is
    owned by root
    
use pulses for trigger in killswitch-boot.py? (instead of timing length of
    pulse)

install/uninstall should check each command to see if it failed
if anything fails, bail

run file after reboot -
    in cmdline.txt, add init=/usr/local/bin/killswitch-run-once.py
    on run, remove that part from cmdline.txt
    show dialog that says "KillSwitch installed successfully"
    do you want to run settings now? YES/NO
    you can run settings by opening a terminal and typing "killswitch-settings.py"
    or use retropie port "Settings"

documentation on how the button/programming/led works
documentation on how to use settings
man pages for all pi software scripts
DONE: section headers (##) in main readme
documentation in main readme for device, description and usage
DONE: documentation in main readme for OSH license

get arduino libs into firmware lib folder and remove symlinks
when building, check github for latest version of each lib
    if newer, download to libs folder
    then build

make work with toggle (but let ppl know they can't futz with the switch during
    bootup/shutdown)
    https://retropie.org.uk/forum/topic/15727/tutorial-onoff-shim-exposed-neat-powerswitch-from-pimoroni

convert install to py (what if user doesn't have py?)
DONE: convert settings to py
convert uninstall to py
